in this party but today thierry henry and the press
bruno hamel and islam
samaké walikale and marijuana dan carter happy with his new jersey
with tony parker victim of a mito
thierry henry still has not forgiven French media
after the press kabbalah following his hand during the qualifying match
for the 2010 World Cup against Ireland since the World Cup fiasco
for the team of France and the critics who followed
the attacker refuses to speak to French journalists
now exiled to the US titin more often infernal
except that the 10 sports a sporty ebit and go to new york
especially to meet henry and find out how your new life is going
with the club of the best slots nice
there the questions asked have not really pleased Mr. Henry
how is it nomura
Japan will not be forced their talent
yes yes of our 5%
it's a little scary especially when you know it's been a while that we
knows very little in the face
the bce does not give any sign of new life clicks new season new
look
world Cup
if the questions asked on the bridge
the season will be long
thierry henry does not mean clans and football and nothing but football
it is true that as he has started to play well again he has things to say to
good hearer
the cricketer or me or late but she confided that he had converted
to Islam last January Christian the South African thought well before
to make that decision but according to his teammates he became a
practicing Muslim now refusing alcohol during the third
half-time wen armelle also thinks changing her shadow
nothing is decided yet but walid which means newborn son has for
the moment its preference parnell is not the first sportsman to be converted
to Islam
the most famous of course is the boxer mohammed ali but more recently
the other legend of Boxing Mail Cezanne or French footballers
nicolas anelka and franck ribéry turned to this religion
sama who sees the cairo arrested the enemy champion and 2002 was
apprehended in Arizona in possession of 10 grams of marijuana from
non-prescription drugs is eight bottles of liquid steroids
the former los angeles player the maps and tessellations mavrix did
the object of a banal road check that could ultimately cost him very
very expensive
thomas who sees the case indeed tempted to eat the marijuana that had in his
possession
a stroke of madness that has not escaped the police force
once at the post he explained that steroids were allowed in
series to where he continues his career
unfortunately for him American justice is not as flexible in
stimulant material
this is the only information that came out of this interrogation of antigua
it's a safe bet that the video is worth gold
the story does not tell in what state his hand that was the art in the stomach
the veil is lifted on the shirt that the relaxed will bring to the cup of the
world starting September 9 in new zealand nothing
revolutionary in appearance the jersey is black
little novelty however the glue and white all the strength of this enemy is
found in its extremely light texture that a technological ovation
located to daniel carter players in the lead
one to the other
however our reporter this jersey is really exciting
for what is most important for me a fallback that respects the traditions
it was the legacy of relaxation so let the wood used is at the party
of our cinema it has always been less common by the fern that is
white and these new jerseys respects that the German soldiers that
Montchanin's changes apart from the technological contribution
to convince oneself it fits perfectly to the body it's great
early with this jersey on the shoulders we feel faster more
sharp and football very proud to represent our country in the omc quote
Everyone knows it
calculations
the all blacks are to release their new jersey with a victory
convincing 40 to 7 against the South African world champions in the tournament
tri-nations
auspicious before the world
tony parker was a victim of a mythomaniac
a few weeks ago we announced that tony parker had
found love with barbara morel miss french coup theatrical
this romance was tormented from scratch by the girl in
a barbara magazine told that it was a dream to succeed eva
longoria it's really the one that in her dreams she came out
with the basketball player spurs at eauze tony parker area j gasser to see the
miss to advertise on his city back ended up denying he admits
to have crossed it twice in the evening but it has never been more
far further evidence against the lice the picture where we see them out
together in a Paris hotel would be a photomontage revealed in
interview magazine it's not nice to lie barbaric